Getting Started with GitHub

Create a GitHub repository called "CMPS360", Create a folder called "Module 1"

1. Push your source code into the main or master branch.

2. Add @jeffreyjseamanppu as a contributor to github

Objective:

To create a Java program that:

Collects multiple pieces of information from a user using the Scanner class.
Performs basic calculations based on the input.
Displays the results in a well-formatted output.
Problem Statement:
Write a program named StudentInformationSystem that performs the following tasks:

Input Collection:

Ask the user to enter their name (String).
Ask the user to enter their age (integer).
Ask the user to enter their GPA (double, between 0.0 and 4.0).
Ask the user to enter the number of completed credits (integer).
Ask the user how many hours per week they study for each subject (assume 5 subjects).
Data Processing:

Calculate the average hours spent studying per day (assuming 7 days a week).
Estimate the total hours spent studying per semester (assuming 16 weeks in a semester).
Calculate the remaining credits required to graduate (assume 120 credits are needed for graduation).
Validation:

Validate that the GPA entered is between 0.0 and 4.0. If not, display an error message and prompt the user to enter it again.
Validate that age is a positive integer. If not, display an error message and prompt again.
Output:

Display the collected information in a formatted table.
Display the calculated results (average study hours per day, total study hours per semester, and remaining credits).
Sample Output:

Welcome to the Student Information System!

Enter your name: Mike Tomlin
Enter your age: -20
Invalid age. Please enter a positive integer.
Enter your age: 20
Enter your GPA (0.0 - 4.0): 4.5
Invalid GPA. Please enter a value between 0.0 and 4.0.
Enter your GPA (0.0 - 4.0): 3.75
Enter the number of completed credits: 90
Enter the hours you study per week for subject 1: 10
Enter the hours you study per week for subject 2: 8
Enter the hours you study per week for subject 3: 7
Enter the hours you study per week for subject 4: 6
Enter the hours you study per week for subject 5: 9

--- Student Summary ---
Name: Mike Tomlin
Age: 20
GPA: 3.75
Completed Credits: 90
Remaining Credits: 30

Average Study Hours Per Day: 6.43
Total Study Hours Per Semester: 514

Hints for Implementation:
Use nextLine() for the name to handle spaces, and nextInt() / nextDouble() for numeric inputs.
Use a loop to ensure valid input for GPA and age.
Use an array or loop to gather study hours for each subject.
Perform calculations using appropriate formulas.
Grading Criteria:
Correctness (50%): The program meets the requirements and produces accurate results.
Input Validation (20%): Proper error handling for invalid inputs.
Code Quality (15%): The code is well-structured, uses meaningful variable names, and avoids redundancy.
User Experience (15%): The program is user-friendly and provides clear prompts and output formatting.
